.codecov.yml
.gitignore
CHANGELOG.rst
LICENSE
README.html
README.md
setup.py
.github/workflows/docs.yml
.github/workflows/tests.yml
docs/.gitignore
docs/Makefile
docs/_config.yml
docs/_toc.yml
docs/annotate_genome.pdf
docs/annotated_p_vs_s.pdf
docs/build.sh
docs/conf.py
docs/development.md
docs/example_sim.slim
docs/generation_time.slim
docs/installation.md
docs/introduction.md
docs/metadata.md
docs/migrants.slim
docs/neutral_restart.slim
docs/phylo_bgs.slim
docs/previous_versions.md
docs/python_api.md
docs/rapid_adaptation.slim
docs/reload_annotated.slim
docs/selection.slim
docs/time_units.md
docs/tutorial.md
docs/util.py
docs/vignette_coalescent_diversity.md
docs/vignette_continuing.md
docs/vignette_parallel_phylo.md
docs/vignette_space.md
docs/vignette_space.slim
docs/_static/Makefile
docs/_static/annotate_genome.png
docs/_static/annotated_p_vs_s.png
docs/_static/export-layers-svg.sh
docs/_static/pedigree0.png
docs/_static/pedigree0.svg
docs/_static/pedigree01.png
docs/_static/pedigree1.png
docs/_static/pedigree1.svg
docs/_static/pedigree2.png
docs/_static/pedigree2.svg
docs/_static/pedigree_mutate.png
docs/_static/pedigree_mutate.svg
docs/_static/pedigree_recapitate.png
docs/_static/pedigree_recapitate.svg
docs/_static/pedigree_remember.png
docs/_static/pedigree_simplify.png
docs/_static/pedigree_simplify.svg
docs/_static/pedigrees.ink.svg
docs/_static/pedigrees.ink.svg.md5
docs/_static/phylo.pdf
docs/_static/phylo.png
docs/_static/phylo.tsv
docs/_static/recomb_rates.tsv
pyslim/__init__.py
pyslim/_version.py
pyslim/methods.py
pyslim/provenance.py
pyslim/slim_metadata.py
pyslim/slim_tree_sequence.py
pyslim/spatial.py
pyslim/util.py
pyslim.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pyslim.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pyslim.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pyslim.egg-info/not-zip-safe
pyslim.egg-info/requires.txt
pyslim.egg-info/top_level.txt
requirements/conda-minimal.txt
requirements/CI-conda/ci-environment.yml
requirements/CI-conda/requirements.txt
requirements/CI-docs/requirements.txt
requirements/CI-pip/requirements.txt
tests/README.md
tests/__init__.py
tests/conftest.py
tests/recipe_specs.py
tests/test_annotation.py
tests/test_metadata.py
tests/test_provenance.py
tests/test_spatial.py
tests/test_tree_sequence.py
tests/test_util.py
tests/benchmark/annotation.sh
tests/benchmark/metadata.sh
tests/benchmark/metadata.slim
tests/extra_recipes/.gitignore
tests/extra_recipes/Makefile
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.1 - A minimal tree-seq model.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.10 - Adding a neutral burn-in after simulation with recapitation I.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.10 - Adding a neutral burn-in after simulation with recapitation II.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.2 - Overlaying neutral mutations.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.3 - Simulation conditional upon fixation of a sweep, preserving ancestry I.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.3 - Simulation conditional upon fixation of a sweep, preserving ancestry II.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.4 - Detecting the dip in diversity (analyzing tree heights in Python) I.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.4 - Detecting the dip in diversity (analyzing tree heights in Python) II.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.5 - Mapping admixture (analyzing ancestry in Python) I.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.5 - Mapping admixture (analyzing ancestry in Python) II.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.7 - Analyzing selection coefficients in Python with tskit I.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.7 - Analyzing selection coefficients in Python with tskit II.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.8 - Starting a hermaphroditic WF model with a coalescent history I.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.8 - Starting a hermaphroditic WF model with a coalescent history II.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.8 - Starting a hermaphroditic WF model with a coalescent history III.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.9 - Starting a sexual nonWF model with a coalescent history I.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 17.9 - Starting a sexual nonWF model with a coalescent history II.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 18.13 - Tree-sequence recording and nucleotide-based models I.txt
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 18.13 - Tree-sequence recording and nucleotide-based models II.py
tests/extra_recipes/Recipe 18.13 - Tree-sequence recording and nucleotide-based models III.py
tests/extra_recipes/check_trees.py
tests/test_recipes/make_v3_test_additions.py
tests/test_recipes/make_v3_tests.sh
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.0.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.2.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.3.1.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.4.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.5.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.5_and_v3.6.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.6.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF.v3.7.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_early_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_early_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_early_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_first_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_first_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_first_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_late_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_late_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_late_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_WF_migration.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_init_mutated_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_init_mutated_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_long_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_long_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_long_nucleotides.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_mutation_spectrum.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.v3.0.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.v3.2.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.v3.3.1.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.v3.4.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.v3.5.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.v3.6.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF.v3.7.trees
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_early_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_early_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_early_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_first_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_first_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_first_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_late_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_late_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_late_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_nonstacked.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nonWF_selfing.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nucleotides_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nucleotides_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_nucleotides_plus_others.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_record_everyone_WF_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_record_everyone_WF_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_record_everyone_WF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_record_everyone_nonWF_early.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_record_everyone_nonWF_first.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_record_everyone_nonWF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_remember_and_retain.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_retain_everyone_WF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_retain_everyone_nonWF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_retain_sometimes_WF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_retain_sometimes_nonWF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_retain_unary_WF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_retain_unary_nonWF_late.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_roots.slim
tests/test_recipes/recipe_with_metadata.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_and_remove_subpop_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_and_run_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_and_run_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_msprime.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_multispecies_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_multispecies_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_nonWF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_nucleotides_WF.slim
tests/test_recipes/restart_nucleotides_nonWF.slim