https://www.cse.lk/api/companyInfoSummery							              Detailed info of a single stock/security by symbol	
https://www.cse.lk/api/tradeSummary								                  Summary of trades for all securities	
https://www.cse.lk/api/todaySharePrice							                Today's share price data	
https://www.cse.lk/api/topGainers							                    	List of top gaining stocks	
https://www.cse.lk/api/topLooses									                  List of top losing stocks	
https://www.cse.lk/api/mostActiveTrades							                Most active trades by volume	
https://www.cse.lk/api/getNewListingsRelatedNoticesAnnouncements		New listings and related announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/getBuyInBoardAnnouncements					          Buy-in board announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/approvedAnnouncement						              Approved announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/getCOVIDAnnouncements						            COVID-related announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/getFinancialAnnouncement					            Financial announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/circularAnnouncement						              Circular announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/directiveAnnouncement						            Directive announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/getNonComplianceAnnouncements				        Non-compliance announcements	
https://www.cse.lk/api/marketStatus								                  Market open/close status	
https://www.cse.lk/api/marketSummery								                Market summary data	
https://www.cse.lk/api/aspiData									                    All Share Price Index data	
https://www.cse.lk/api/snpData									                    S&P Sri Lanka 20 Index data	
https://www.cse.lk/api/chartData									                  Chart data for stocks	
https://www.cse.lk/api/allSectors								                    All sector data	
https://www.cse.lk/api/detailedTrades                                   Detailed Trades
https://www.cse.lk/api/dailyMarketSummery                               Daily Market Summary
