CHANGELOG.md
LICENSE
README.md
SRS.md
pyproject.toml
hv_bie/__init__.py
hv_bie/py.typed
hv_bie/snapshot.py
hv_bie.egg-info/PKG-INFO
hv_bie.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
hv_bie.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
hv_bie.egg-info/requires.txt
hv_bie.egg-info/top_level.txt
hv_bie/parsers/__init__.py
hv_bie/parsers/core.py
hv_bie/types/__init__.py
hv_bie/types/models.py
hv_bie/types/system_monsters.py
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse.htm
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1.htm
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3.htm
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/absorb.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/attack_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/b.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/bar_blue.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/bar_dgreen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/bar_orange.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/bar_red.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/defend_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/expbar.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/firedot.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/focus_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/haste.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/healthpot.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/heartseeker.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/hvb.css
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/hvc.js
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/hvg.css
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/itemc.js
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/items_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/magic_curative.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/magic_damage.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/magic_debuff.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/magic_support.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/mon_a.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/mon_b.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/mon_c.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/mon_d.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/nbarblue.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/nbarfg.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/nbargreen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/nbarred.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/overwhelming.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/protection.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/regen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/sbsel_skills_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/sbsel_skills_s.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/sbsel_spells_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/sbsel_spells_s.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/shadowveil.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/skill_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/skills_innate.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/skills_weapon.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/sparklife.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/spirit_a.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/spiritshield.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/taleft.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/taright.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/wpn_ap.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse1_files/wpn_stun.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/absorb.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/attack_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/b.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/bar_blue.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/bar_dgreen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/bar_orange.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/bar_red.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/defend_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/expbar.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/firedot.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/focus_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/haste.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/healthpot.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/heartseeker.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/hvb.css
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/hvc.js
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/hvg.css
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/imperil.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/itemc.js
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/items_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/magic_curative.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/magic_damage.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/magic_debuff.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/magic_support.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/manapot.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/mon_a.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/mon_b.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/mon_c.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/mon_d.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/mon_e.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/mon_f.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/nbarblue.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/nbardead.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/nbarfg.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/nbargreen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/nbarred.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/overwhelming.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/protection.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/regen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/sbsel_skills_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/sbsel_skills_s.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/sbsel_spells_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/sbsel_spells_s.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/shadowveil.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/skill_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/skills_innate.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/skills_weapon.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/sparklife.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/spirit_a.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/spiritpot.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/spiritshield.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/taleft.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/taright.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/weaken.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/wpn_ap.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse3_files/wpn_stun.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/attack_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/b.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/bar_blue.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/bar_dgreen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/bar_orange.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/bar_red.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/defend_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/expbar.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/focus_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/haste.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/hvb.css
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/hvc.js
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/hvg.css
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/itemc.js
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/items_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/magic_curative.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/magic_damage.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/magic_debuff.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/magic_support.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/mon_a.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/mon_b.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/nbarblue.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/nbarfg.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/nbargreen.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/nbarred.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/protection.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/sbsel_skills_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/sbsel_skills_s.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/sbsel_spells_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/sbsel_spells_s.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/shadowveil.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/skill_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/skills_innate.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/skills_weapon.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/sparklife.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/spirit_n.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/spiritshield.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/taleft.png
tests/fixtures/hv/The HentaiVerse_files/taright.png